test_data/certificate-signing/README.md, before:

# Certificate signing example

This directory contains the files and automation required to reproduce the
following scenario:

> Company ACME Inc. has its own PKI that consists of a
> root CA and several intermediate CAs.
>
> One intermediate CA is allocated to generate certificates that end users
> must use to sign their container images using `cosign`.

## Prerequisites

The following binaries must be available on the system:

* `make`
* `cfssl` and `cfssljson`: both can be be downloaded from [here](https://github.com/cloudflare/cfssl/releases)
* `cosign`

## Creating all the certificates

> **Note:** this step is optional, the `sign` and `verify` make targets
> are going to handle all of that automatically. This section is just to
> explain what happens behind the scene.

First of all the root CA must be generated, this can be done via:

```console
make ca
```

The CA is created using the settings specified inside of the `ca.json` file.

The next step is the creation of an intermediate CA, this is the
CA that is going to be used to issue the user certificates:

```console
make intermediate-ca
```

The intermediate CA is created using the settings from the `intermediate-ca.json`
and the values under the `intermediate_ca` profile defined inside of the `cfssl.json`.

It's worth to point out that the CA issuing the end user certificates must have
some specific x509 attributes, otherwise `cosign` will not consider the CA valid.
The `intermediate_ca` profile defines **only** the required usage attributes.

Finally, we can create a certificate for a test user who has the following
mail address: `user1@kubewarden.io`.

The certificate can be created in this way:

```console
make user
```

Again, the settings used to create this certificate are stored inside of the
`user-1.json` file and inside of the `sigstore` profile defined inside of the
`cfssl.json` file.

## Signing a container image

First of all, ensure the container image/kwctl policy is already pushed into
a container registry.

Then issue the following command:

```console
IMAGE=<OCI URL> make sign
```

For example, assuming we want to sign the `registry-testing.svc.lan/kubewarden/pod-privileged:v0.1.9`
policy, this would be the command to execute:

```console
IMAGE=registry-testing.svc.lan/kubewarden/pod-privileged:v0.1.9 make sign
```

You can see the actual `cosign` commands being printed on the standard output.

## Verifying a container image

This is done using the following command:

```console
IMAGE=<OCI URL> make verify
```

For example, assuming we want to verify the `registry-testing.svc.lan/kubewarden/pod-privileged:v0.1.9`
policy, this would be the command to execute:

```console
IMAGE=registry-testing.svc.lan/kubewarden/pod-privileged:v0.1.9 make verify
```

You can see the actual `cosign` commands being printed on the standard output.

Commit message:

test data: small changes to cert generator
* README: document the changes done to the Makefile by previous commits
* Add a user-2 profile that can be used to generate another user

Signed-off-by: Flavio Castelli <fcastelli@suse.com>

test_data/certificate-signing/README.md, after:

# Certificate signing example

This directory contains the files and automation required to reproduce the
following scenario:

> Company ACME Inc. has its own PKI that consists of a
> root CA and several intermediate CAs.
>
> One intermediate CA is allocated to generate certificates that end users
> must use to sign their container images using `cosign`.

## Prerequisites

The following binaries must be available on the system:

* `make`
* `cfssl` and `cfssljson`: both can be be downloaded from [here](https://github.com/cloudflare/cfssl/releases)
* `cosign`

## Creating all the certificates

> **Note:** this step is optional, the `sign` and `verify` make targets
> are going to handle all of that automatically. This section is just to
> explain what happens behind the scene.

First of all the root CA must be generated, this can be done via:

```console
make ca
```

The CA is created using the settings specified inside of the `ca.json` file.

The next step is the creation of an intermediate CA, this is the
CA that is going to be used to issue the user certificates:

```console
make intermediate-ca
```

The intermediate CA is created using the settings from the `intermediate-ca.json`
and the values under the `intermediate_ca` profile defined inside of the `cfssl.json`.

It's worth to point out that the CA issuing the end user certificates must have
some specific x509 attributes, otherwise `cosign` will not consider the CA valid.
The `intermediate_ca` profile defines **only** the required usage attributes.

Finally, we can create a certificate for a test user who has the following
mail address: `user1@kubewarden.io`.

The certificate can be created in this way:

```console
make user
```

Again, the settings used to create this certificate are stored inside of the
`user-1.json` file and inside of the `sigstore` profile defined inside of the
`cfssl.json` file.

## Signing a container image

First of all, ensure the container image/kwctl policy is already pushed into
a container registry.

Then issue the following command:

```console
IMAGE=<OCI URL> make sign
```

For example, assuming we want to sign the `registry-testing.svc.lan/kubewarden/pod-privileged:v0.1.9`
policy, this would be the command to execute:

```console
IMAGE=registry-testing.svc.lan/kubewarden/pod-privileged:v0.1.9 make sign
```

You can see the actual `cosign` commands being printed on the standard output.

### Rekor integration

It's possible to sign the container image using a certificate and send the proof of
signature into Rekor's transparency log.

This can be done using the following command:

```console
IMAGE=<OCI URL> make sign-rekor
```

## Verifying a container image

This is done using the following command:

```console
IMAGE=<OCI URL> make verify
```

For example, assuming we want to verify the `registry-testing.svc.lan/kubewarden/pod-privileged:v0.1.9`
policy, this would be the command to execute:

```console
IMAGE=registry-testing.svc.lan/kubewarden/pod-privileged:v0.1.9 make verify
```

You can see the actual `cosign` commands being printed on the standard output.
